Long Yuan, come down quickly
That's where the main station of God is located
Xiao tomorrow
This living thing who made you stand there
Only the unparalleled God in the world can stand in position
How dare you apologize to me?
Don't stand there
Hahaha little master
This night Longyuan is now on his own
You see our counter-investigation operation
He now thinks about the position of the minister, it should be the god
This night Longyuan still doesn't know how to die
No one can afford to offend the Lord of God
That's right, just stand and wait to die
I will avenge my son with your head
I want revenge for today's affairs
Just do the math for my mother's life
Okay, let him in.
This is the full text of Xiao Chenghai, the old man of the Xiao family
Xiao Chenghai forced you out
Xiao Angel reached an army event
Even the national car has been sent for the test for three years all day long
Mom, why are you here?
Can't I come to the front door dinner?
I won't say a few words today
The old man sees clearly
This is where I should be standing.
I won't come down
The one who came down and stood is the position of the Lord God
Come to God and Chopsticks
What do you care what he does?
You stop
That's the scepter that makes him angry